chore: add section to debug e2e tests (#1724)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/contribute/code/core/automated-tests.md

- Prevent Mocha from automatically retrying tests that fail (by default a failing test is retried 5 times, details in the [`wdio.conf`](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/blob/master/tests/wdio.conf.js#L198)file)
- Prevent the `cht-e2e` Docker containers from being torn down after the test finishes

#### Run the e2e tests without re-building docker images

> After the tests were executed the first time using the command  `npm run wdio-local` the docker images were built in your local environment using the checkout branch name. If it is needed to run the tests over and over again and there is a certainty that the cht core code didn't change, you can use the command `npm run ci-webdriver-default`, this command will execute the e2e tests as they are run with the `wdio-local` command but without re-building the images, it will use the images that were built previously, which will make the process faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the tests are executed the first time using the command `npm run wdio-local`, the docker images are built in your local environment using the checkout branch name. If it is needed to run the tests repeatedly and there is a certainty that the cht-core code didn't change, you can use the command `npm run ci-webdriver-default`. This command will execute the e2e tests as they are run with the `wdio-local` command but without re-building the images. This command uses the images that were built previously, which makes the process faster.
```
